No, then I'm really selling myself
Our parents taught us to love ourselves from an early age
But what do you have to do?
I'm a passenger who just came to take a taxi
I am from Xu Song Group
Fine, I'll wait for you here.
Or is my brother's life more important?
Where is Xiaoning? I haven't been looking for you for a long time.
I'm out on an errand
Here, there's 500,000
500,000 where did you get so much money?
Oh, don't worry about it, the payment is important.
Thank you, Coco.
It's thanks to you.
Oh, don't be so mushy, hurry up and go
Shen Yuchen pays
Are you irrational about drinking so much?
I can still drink
Sorry Yuning
I didn't know it would turn out like this.
Mr. Xiang, this is the information of that woman
One more thing.
The waiter who delivered you fairy soup yesterday
Can't find it.
What do you mean you can't find it? He didn't go to work.
No one at home
My colleagues can't get in touch either.
Strange, then this woman Ziyu